Changes to the Free-DOS Install program:

Copyright (C) James Hall <jhall@freedos.org>

______________________________________________________________________

3.62 - Maxime Vincent <max.vincent@skynet.be> has provided a fix to
 the French language file, and a new NL (Dutch) file.

3.61 - We've taken the FreeDOS install program out of CVS, since I now
  do all the development on DOS (not under UNIX.)  In 3.61, Ilya
  Vasilyev has provided a Russian translation.

3.6 (VER_3_6) - A few changes made, the most notable being that I
  removed the need for its own lib/conio library (under UNIX).  This
  has been separated from the FreeDOS Install program, and is now its
  own UNIX library called 'libconio'.  New install.fr translation.
  Updated install.de file.

3.5c (VER_3_5C) - New install.pt translation by Luiz Passarelli
<luizp@sti.com.br>.  New install.it translation by Alessio Palma
<kht@iol.it>

3.5b (VER_3_5B) - New install.es file from Altair
<aitor.sm@teleline.es>

3.5a (VER_3_5A) - New install.de file from Karsten Hilbert
<Karsten.Hilbert@gmx.net>

3.5 (VER_3_5) - Adds international support using UNIX-like catopen/catgets.

3.2b (VER_3_2B) - Used _makepath() instead of using sprintf() to build
my paths by hand.  This is cleaner for Borland C.  This also fixes a
bug for me where the install program would barf (under DOS) if you
gave it a Dest Dir or Source Dir that contained a trailing backslash.
_makepath() handles the trailing backslash just fine.

3.2a (VER_3_2A) - Added a bar graph to inst.c. Fixes for building on
FreeDOS.  Works great.

3.141 (VER_3_141) - Version "pi".  Minor hack to clean up a forgotten
curses refresh().  Removed it from DOS using '#ifdef'.

3.14 (VER_3_14) - More cleanup for the UI.  I hope I'm making this
easier to use.  Complaints about the interface and what the user is
supposed to do next are my top two complaints.  Also made a hack so
that tabs in TXT and LSM files are displayed as a row of blank space
(tabs were being displayed as a small circle, which is ASCII 09h.)

3.13 (VER_3_13) - Cleaned up the UI quite a bit, and made the error
messages more clear.  Fixed a few bugs that were reported on
http://www.freedos.org/bugs/

3.12 - Where the program is expecting a y/n response, the
program now only accepts 'y' or 'n', case insensitive.  This was done
by adding getch_yn(), and calling it in place of getch() where needed.

3.11 - Added code to set the background to blue and the
foreground to white, and to re-set the console colors back to the
user's default colors when the program ends.

3.1 - Major code cleanup to the Install program.  Basically
re-wrote the entire install.c file, and re-worked the sources to use
conio instead of curses.  This should make for faster execution on
DOS, at the expense of slower execution (due to conio emulation
through curses) on UNIX.  Dropped the `thecurse' compatibility library
(provided curses emulation through conio) because it is no longer
needed.  Program now uses .LSM files only for the description files.
If you want to use another format, write your own.  Standardized the
printed strings so that it will be easier to migrate to MSGLIB for
internationization.  Due to the significant changes in the source
tree, I moved all development to a new CVS project.
